# CS-360\
Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address? - The app is a inventory control app, desinged to assist in the tracking of inventory at a commercial company that is not limited to size of intem count.
What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful? - The login screen to validate which users are autorized to be in the system, and a easy to understand UI that allowed the users to control the inventory in which ever way they needed to, to be able to support the business.
How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those be applied in the future? - My method of coding is looking at what the customer needs and making it work. The piecemeal approach I use works for me, though it not the most effective. Taking bits and piece of what is needed and making them work individually and bring them all together at the end gets the job done. Reading about different methyonds that my peers use though has given me some ideas as to how I can become a better coder and be more productive. Iteration is key. 
How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important and what did it reveal? - Iteration is key. That is how I know if my code works. It shows where the code is not functiong properly. 
Considering the full app design and development process, from initial planning to finalization, where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge? - The entire process took some innovation. Coding does not come easy for me at all.
In what specific component from your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience? - The no frills type of UI shows off my strengts. i am a no frills, bare bones type person.
